Update release-notes.md (#118)
tidepool-org/tidepool-org.github.io: _docs/release-notes.md

If you already have the Tidepool Uploader installed on your computer, it will automatically update to the latest version.  

### 2.9.0 (Released 2018-12-17

> After resolving a very, very specific dependency, Tidepool Uploader now supports Verio and Verio Flex meters on Windows.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After we finally figured out the exact series of incantations required by Microsoft to grant us the right permissions, Tidepool Uploader now supports Verio and Verio Flex meters on Windows.  
```
